Automated car tracker and plates reader. 
Detects and tracks car movement between predefined zones on videoframe.
Looks for plates, tries to perform character recognition (OCR).
For each tracked car, selects best plates OCR.
Saves all info (frame, time, location, OCR result etc) to .csv file

Upcoming features:
Saving images or short videos when car crosses zones

The project is organized this way:

myplatescounterwithtracker_v0_2.py - main project file. Contains project business logic. / currently also includes objects tracking and result image output that should be moved to separate modules.
config.py - configuration file. Use it to set:
  - videosource filename
  - .csv output file.
  - DEBUG mode for printing extensive log
  - pause time for video output 
  - other miscellaneous settings 
  
  
Project components saved as separate files (modules):

databasekeeper.py - responsible for opertions with database (recieve data, save to specific format etc.) for storing results
locationgetter.py - responsible for setting zones and finding out location of car (or any other tracked object)
platesrecognizer.py - responsible for performing optical character recognition 
video_reader.py - responsible for recieving video (files or camera) and getting frames from it
objectsdetector.py - responsible for detecting objects in images
objectstracker.py - responsible for matching detected objects on current frame with ojects on previous frames / currently nut in use
timegetter.py - responsible for getting time from frame / currently not implemented  
trackableobjectsmanager.py - responsible for recieving and holding info on currently tracked objects, making decision if plates image should be passed for OCR, preparing info for database etc.
mytests.py - created holding tests

Folders:
/data - for video source files and database files
/deep_sort - tracking module using DEEPSort framework
/tfyolov3 - YOLO v4 implemented on TensorFlow. Used for car and plates detection
/tools - art of DEEPSort module
/unproject_text-master - module for unwarping plates image from skewed to birds-eye view. /currently not in use

Not mentioned above files should be treated as under development.


